Add announcements section with breaking change (#31)
elexon-data/insights-issues: README.md

![Insights Solution logo](./images/insights-solution.png)

# Insights Solution Issues, Announcements and Live Incidents 

This repository serves as a centralised location for tracking issues and announcements pertaining to the [Insights Solution](https://bmrs.elexon.co.uk/).

These include any part of Insights Solution:
 - the [Insights website](https://bmrs.elexon.co.uk/)
 - [Insights Real-Time Information Service (IRIS)](https://bmrs.elexon.co.uk/iris)
 - the [Insights API](https://bmrs.elexon.co.uk/api-documentation)

# Announcements and Incidents

> Breaking changes to IRIS and planned outages will be announced here.

Reviewer: This space should cover the entire Insights service, not just IRIS, and though that's the area where breaking changes are perhaps most likely, it's possible that we'd also need to announce changes to the API too.
```suggestion
Breaking changes to the Insights Solution and planned outages will be announced here.
```
